Owner			
-------			
id                  serial
first   			      varchar
last    			      varchar
email			          varchar

Patient
-------
id                  serial
badgeid             varchar
name		            varchar	
sex			            bool
species			        varchar
dob                 date
FK-->ownerid			

Visit			
-------			
id                  serial
badgeid             varchar
procedure           varchar
weight			        float4
tubesize            
systemtype          
gastype             
date			          date
FK-->patientiD			

TPR			
-------			
id                  serial
time			          timestamp
temp      			    float4
pulse			          int2
resp      			    int2
presd             	int2
press           		int2
etcO2			          int2
sp02			          int2
anasthetic			    int2
fluids			        int2
FK-->VisitID			
